Added: alt attribute to few images (#19508)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/css/css_layout/fundamental_layout_comprehension/index.md

Save the HTML document and stylesheet into a directory on your computer, and add the images into a folder named `images`. Opening the `index.html` file in a browser should give you a page with basic styling but no layout, which should look something like the image below.

> ![Screenshot of the website provided as the starting point of the layout task. The elements are not laid out neatly.](layout-task-start.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Starting point of the layout task. The elements are not laid out neatly. There is a website title, above a black nav bar with 5 links flush left, followed by the blog post title and post content. Between the blog title and blog content there is a photo that is flush left.](layout-task-start.png)
```

The following screenshot shows an example of what the finished layout for the design should look like:

> ![Screenshot of the finished layout task website. The elements are laid out neatly.](layout-task-complete.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Finished layout task website. The elements are laid out neatly. There is a website title, above a black nav bar containing 5 equally spaced links. Below the nav bar, there are two sections. On the left there is a blog post: A blog post title followed by the post content. The blog content wraps around a photo that is flush left. On the right side there is a 'photography' title about a group of images laid out in a two-image wide grid.](layout-task-complete.png)
```
